NAME                                                               VERSION                            TYPE     
AsyncKeyedLock                                                     7.1.6                              dotnet    
BDInfo                                                             0.8.0                              dotnet    
BitFaster.Caching                                                  2.5.4                              dotnet    
BlurHashSharp                                                      1.4.0-pre.1                        dotnet    
BlurHashSharp.SkiaSharp                                            1.4.0-pre.1                        dotnet    
CommandLineParser                                                  2.9.1                              dotnet    
Diacritics                                                         4.0.17                             dotnet    
DiscUtils.Core                                                     0.16.13                            dotnet    
DiscUtils.Iso9660                                                  0.16.13                            dotnet    
DiscUtils.Streams                                                  0.16.13                            dotnet    
DiscUtils.Udf                                                      0.16.13                            dotnet    
DotNet.Glob                                                        3.1.3                              dotnet    
Emby.Naming                                                        10.11.0.0                          dotnet    
Emby.Photos                                                        24.4.0                             dotnet    
Emby.Server.Implementations                                        24.4.0                             dotnet    
ExCSS                                                              4.3.0                              dotnet    
HarfBuzzSharp                                                      8.3.0.1                            dotnet    
HarfBuzzSharp.NativeAssets.Linux                                   8.3.1.1                            dotnet    
ICU4N                                                              60.1.0-alpha.356                   dotnet    
ICU4N.Transliterator                                               60.1.0-alpha.356                   dotnet    
Ignore                                                             0.2.1                              dotnet    
J2N                                                                2.0.0                              dotnet    
Jellyfin.Api                                                       24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Common                                                    24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Controller                                                24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Data                                                      24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Database.Implementations                                  24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Database.Providers.Sqlite                                 24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Drawing                                                   24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Drawing.Skia                                              24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Extensions                                                24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.LiveTv                                                    24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.MediaEncoding.Hls                                         24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.MediaEncoding.Keyframes                                   24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Model                                                     24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Naming                                                    24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Networking                                                24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.Server.Implementations                                    24.4.0                             dotnet    
Jellyfin.XmlTv                                                     10.8.0                             dotnet    
LrcParser                                                          2025.623.0                         dotnet    
MediaBrowser.Common                                                10.11.0.0                          dotnet    
MediaBrowser.Controller                                            10.11.0.0                          dotnet    
MediaBrowser.LocalMetadata                                         24.4.0                             dotnet    
MediaBrowser.MediaEncoding                                         24.4.0                             dotnet    
MediaBrowser.Model                                                 10.11.0.0                          dotnet    
MediaBrowser.Providers                                             24.4.0                             dotnet    
MediaBrowser.XbmcMetadata                                          24.4.0                             dotnet    
MetaBrainz.Common                                                  3.0.0                              dotnet    
MetaBrainz.Common.Json                                             6.0.2                              dotnet    
MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz                                             6.1.0                              dotnet    
Microsoft.Data.Sqlite                                              9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.Core                                         9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore                                      9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions                         9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational                           9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite                               9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.Core                          9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel                               9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.EntityFrameworkCore  9.0.7                              dotnet    
Microsoft.OpenApi                                                  1.2.3                              dotnet    
Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents                                       9.0.2                              dotnet    
Morestachio                                                        5.0.1.631                          dotnet    
NEbml                                                              1.0.0.3                            dotnet    
Newtonsoft.Json                                                    13.0.3                             dotnet    
PlaylistsNET                                                       1.4.1                              dotnet    
Polly                                                              8.6.2                              dotnet    
Polly.Core                                                         8.6.2                              dotnet    
SQLitePCLRaw.bundle_e_sqlite3                                      2.1.10                             dotnet    
SQLitePCLRaw.core                                                  2.1.10                             dotnet    
SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3                                         2.1.10                             dotnet    
SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3                                    2.1.10                             dotnet    
Serilog                                                            4.2.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.AspNetCore                                                 9.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Enrichers.Thread                                           4.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Expressions                                                5.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Extensions.Hosting                                         9.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Extensions.Logging                                         9.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Formatting.Compact                                         3.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Settings.Configuration                                     9.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Sinks.Async                                                2.1.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Sinks.Console                                              6.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Sinks.Debug                                                3.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Sinks.File                                                 7.0.0                              dotnet    
Serilog.Sinks.Graylog                                              3.1.1                              dotnet    
ShimSkiaSharp                                                      3.0.4                              dotnet    
SkiaSharp                                                          3.116.1                            dotnet    
SkiaSharp.HarfBuzz                                                 3.116.1                            dotnet    
SkiaSharp.NativeAssets.Linux                                       3.116.1                            dotnet    
Svg.Custom                                                         3.0.4                              dotnet    
Svg.Model                                                          3.0.4                              dotnet    
Svg.Skia                                                           3.0.4                              dotnet    
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore                                             6.2.3                              dotnet    
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.ReDoc                                       6.5.0                              dotnet    
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger                                     6.2.3                              dotnet    
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen                                  6.2.3                              dotnet    
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI                                   6.2.3                              dotnet    
System.Drawing.Common                                              9.0.2                              dotnet    
System.Linq.Async                                                  6.0.3                              dotnet    
TMDbLib                                                            2.2.0                              dotnet    
TagLibSharp                                                        2.3.0                              dotnet    
UTF.Unknown                                                        2.5.1                              dotnet    
Ude.NetStandard                                                    1.2.0                              dotnet    
adduser                                                            3.137ubuntu1                       deb       
apt                                                                2.8.3                              deb       
apt-utils                                                          2.8.3                              deb       
at                                                                 3.2.5-2.1ubuntu3                   deb       
base-files                                                         13ubuntu10.2                       deb       
base-passwd                                                        3.6.3build1                        deb       
bash                                                               5.2.21-2ubuntu4                    deb       
bsdutils                                                           1:2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                deb       
ca-certificates                                                    20240203                           deb       
catatonit                                                          0.1.7-1                            deb       
coreutils                                                          9.4-3ubuntu6                       deb       
cron                                                               3.0pl1-184ubuntu2                  deb       
cron-daemon-common                                                 3.0pl1-184ubuntu2                  deb       
curl                                                               8.5.0-2ubuntu10.6                  deb       
dash                                                               0.5.12-6ubuntu5                    deb       
debconf                                                            1.5.86ubuntu1                      deb       
debianutils                                                        5.17build1                         deb       
diffutils                                                          1:3.10-1build1                     deb       
dirmngr                                                            2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
dpkg                                                               1.22.6ubuntu6.1                    deb       
e2fsprogs                                                          1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1           deb       
findutils                                                          4.9.0-5build1                      deb       
fontconfig-config                                                  2.15.0-1.1ubuntu2                  deb       
fonts-dejavu-core                                                  2.37-8                             deb       
fonts-dejavu-mono                                                  2.37-8                             deb       
gcc-14-base                                                        14.2.0-4ubuntu2~24.04              deb       
gnupg                                                              2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
gnupg-l10n                                                         2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
gnupg-utils                                                        2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
gpg                                                                2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
gpg-agent                                                          2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
gpg-wks-client                                                     2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
gpgconf                                                            2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
gpgsm                                                              2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
gpgv                                                               2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
grep                                                               3.11-4build1                       deb       
gzip                                                               1.12-1ubuntu3.1                    deb       
hostname                                                           3.23+nmu2ubuntu2                   deb       
init-system-helpers                                                1.66ubuntu1                        deb       
jellyfin                                                           2025072805+ubu2404                 deb       
jellyfin                                                           24.04                              dotnet    
jellyfin-ffmpeg7                                                   7.1.1-7-noble                      deb       
jellyfin-server                                                    2025072805+ubu2404                 deb       
jellyfin-web                                                       2025072805+ubu2404                 deb       
jq                                                                 1.7.1-3ubuntu0.24.04.1             deb       
keyboxd                                                            2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                  deb       
krb5-locales                                                       1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                  deb       
libaacs0                                                           0.11.1-2build1                     deb       
libacl1                                                            2.3.2-1build1.1                    deb       
libapparmor1                                                       4.0.1really4.0.1-0ubuntu0.24.04.4  deb       
libapt-pkg6.0t64                                                   2.8.3                              deb       
libassuan0                                                         2.5.6-1build1                      deb       
libattr1                                                           1:2.5.2-1build1.1                  deb       
libaudit-common                                                    1:3.1.2-2.1build1.1                deb       
libaudit1                                                          1:3.1.2-2.1build1.1                deb       
libbdplus0                                                         0.2.0-3build1                      deb       
libblkid1                                                          2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                  deb       
libbluray2                                                         1:1.3.4-1build1                    deb       
libbrotli1                                                         1.1.0-2build2                      deb       
libbsd0                                                            0.12.1-1build1.1                   deb       
libbz2-1.0                                                         1.0.8-5.1build0.1                  deb       
libc-bin                                                           2.39-0ubuntu8.5                    deb       
libc6                                                              2.39-0ubuntu8.5                    deb       
libcairo2                                                          1.18.0-3build1                     deb       
libcap-ng0                                                         0.8.4-2build2                      deb       
libcap2                                                            1:2.66-5ubuntu2.2                  deb       
libcom-err2                                                        1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1           deb       
libcrypt1                                                          1:4.4.36-4build1                   deb       
libcurl4t64                                                        8.5.0-2ubuntu10.6                  deb       
libdb5.3t64                                                        5.3.28+dfsg2-7                     deb       
libdebconfclient0                                                  0.271ubuntu3                       deb       
libelf1t64                                                         0.190-1.1ubuntu0.1                 deb       
libexpat1                                                          2.6.1-2ubuntu0.3                   deb       
libext2fs2t64                                                      1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1           deb       
libffi8                                                            3.4.6-1build1                      deb       
libfontconfig1                                                     2.15.0-1.1ubuntu2                  deb       
libfreetype6                                                       2.13.2+dfsg-1build3                deb       
libgcc-s1                                                          14.2.0-4ubuntu2~24.04              deb       
libgcrypt20                                                        1.10.3-2build1                     deb       
libgmp10                                                           2:6.3.0+dfsg-2ubuntu6.1            deb       
libgnutls30t64                                                     3.8.3-1.1ubuntu3.4                 deb       
libgpg-error0                                                      1.47-3build2.1                     deb       
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                   1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                  deb       
libhogweed6t64                                                     3.9.1-2.2build1.1                  deb       
libicu74                                                           74.2-1ubuntu3.1                    deb       
libidn2-0                                                          2.3.7-2build1.1                    deb       
libjemalloc2                                                       5.3.0-2build1                      deb       
libjq1                                                             1.7.1-3ubuntu0.24.04.1             deb       
libk5crypto3                                                       1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                  deb       
libkeyutils1                                                       1.6.3-3build1                      deb       
libkrb5-3                                                          1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                  deb       
libkrb5support0                                                    1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                  deb       
libksba8                                                           1.6.6-1build1                      deb       
libldap-common                                                     2.6.7+dfsg-1~exp1ubuntu8.2         deb       
libldap2                                                           2.6.7+dfsg-1~exp1ubuntu8.2         deb       
liblz4-1                                                           1.9.4-1build1.1                    deb       
liblzma5                                                           5.6.1+really5.4.5-1ubuntu0.2       deb       
libmd0                                                             1.1.0-2build1.1                    deb       
libmount1                                                          2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                  deb       
libmp3lame0                                                        3.100-6build1                      deb       
libmpg123-0t64                                                     1.32.5-1ubuntu1.1                  deb       
libncursesw6                                                       6.4+20240113-1ubuntu2              deb       
libnettle8t64                                                      3.9.1-2.2build1.1                  deb       
libnghttp2-14                                                      1.59.0-1ubuntu0.2                  deb       
libnpth0t64                                                        1.6-3.1build1                      deb       
libnuma1                                                           2.0.18-1build1                     deb       
libogg0                                                            1.3.5-3build1                      deb       
libonig5                                                           6.9.9-1build1                      deb       
libopenmpt0t64                                                     0.7.3-1.1build3                    deb       
libopus0                                                           1.4-1build1                        deb       
libp11-kit0                                                        0.25.3-4ubuntu2.1                  deb       
libpam-modules                                                     1.5.3-5ubuntu5.4                   deb       
libpam-modules-bin                                                 1.5.3-5ubuntu5.4                   deb       
libpam-runtime                                                     1.5.3-5ubuntu5.4                   deb       
libpam0g                                                           1.5.3-5ubuntu5.4                   deb       
libpciaccess0                                                      0.17-3ubuntu0.24.04.2              deb       
libpcre2-8-0                                                       10.42-4ubuntu2.1                   deb       
libpixman-1-0                                                      0.42.2-1build1                     deb       
libpng16-16t64                                                     1.6.43-5build1                     deb       
libproc2-0                                                         2:4.0.4-4ubuntu3.2                 deb       
libpsl5t64                                                         0.21.2-1.1build1                   deb       
libreadline8t64                                                    8.2-4build1                        deb       
librtmp1                                                           2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build7  deb       
libsasl2-2                                                         2.1.28+dfsg1-5ubuntu3.1            deb       
libsasl2-modules                                                   2.1.28+dfsg1-5ubuntu3.1            deb       
libsasl2-modules-db                                                2.1.28+dfsg1-5ubuntu3.1            deb       
libse                                                              4.0.12                             dotnet    
libseccomp2                                                        2.5.5-1ubuntu3.1                   deb       
libselinux1                                                        3.5-2ubuntu2.1                     deb       
libsemanage-common                                                 3.5-1build5                        deb       
libsemanage2                                                       3.5-1build5                        deb       
libsepol2                                                          3.5-2build1                        deb       
libsharpyuv0                                                       1.3.2-0.4build3                    deb       
libsmartcols1                                                      2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                  deb       
libsqlite3-0                                                       3.45.1-1ubuntu2.3                  deb       
libss2                                                             1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1           deb       
libssh-4                                                           0.10.6-2ubuntu0.1                  deb       
libssl3t64                                                         3.0.13-0ubuntu3.5                  deb       
libstdc++6                                                         14.2.0-4ubuntu2~24.04              deb       
libsystemd0                                                        255.4-1ubuntu8.10                  deb       
libtasn1-6                                                         4.19.0-3ubuntu0.24.04.1            deb       
libtheora0                                                         1.1.1+dfsg.1-16.1build3            deb       
libtinfo6                                                          6.4+20240113-1ubuntu2              deb       
libudev1                                                           255.4-1ubuntu8.10                  deb       
libudfread0                                                        1.1.2-1build1                      deb       
libunistring5                                                      1.1-2build1.1                      deb       
libuuid1                                                           2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                  deb       
libvorbis0a                                                        1.3.7-1build3                      deb       
libvorbisenc2                                                      1.3.7-1build3                      deb       
libvorbisfile3                                                     1.3.7-1build3                      deb       
libvpx9                                                            1.14.0-1ubuntu2.2                  deb       
libwebp7                                                           1.3.2-0.4build3                    deb       
libwebpmux3                                                        1.3.2-0.4build3                    deb       
libx11-6                                                           2:1.8.7-1build1                    deb       
libx11-data                                                        2:1.8.7-1build1                    deb       
libx11-xcb1                                                        2:1.8.7-1build1                    deb       
libx264-164                                                        2:0.164.3108+git31e19f9-1          deb       
libx265-199                                                        3.5-2build1                        deb       
libxau6                                                            1:1.0.9-1build6                    deb       
libxcb-dri3-0                                                      1.15-1ubuntu2                      deb       
libxcb-present0                                                    1.15-1ubuntu2                      deb       
libxcb-randr0                                                      1.15-1ubuntu2                      deb       
libxcb-render0                                                     1.15-1ubuntu2                      deb       
libxcb-shm0                                                        1.15-1ubuntu2                      deb       
libxcb-sync1                                                       1.15-1ubuntu2                      deb       
libxcb-xfixes0                                                     1.15-1ubuntu2                      deb       
libxcb1                                                            1.15-1ubuntu2                      deb       
libxdmcp6                                                          1:1.1.3-0ubuntu6                   deb       
libxext6                                                           2:1.3.4-1build2                    deb       
libxml2                                                            2.9.14+dfsg-1.3ubuntu3.3           deb       
libxrender1                                                        1:0.9.10-1.1build1                 deb       
libxshmfence1                                                      1.3-1build5                        deb       
libxslt1.1                                                         1.1.39-0exp1ubuntu0.24.04.2        deb       
libxxhash0                                                         0.8.2-2build1                      deb       
libzstd1                                                           1.5.5+dfsg2-2build1.1              deb       
libzvbi-common                                                     0.2.42-2                           deb       
libzvbi0t64                                                        0.2.42-2                           deb       
locales                                                            2.39-0ubuntu8.5                    deb       
login                                                              1:4.13+dfsg1-4ubuntu3.2            deb       
logsave                                                            1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1           deb       
mawk                                                               1.3.4.20240123-1build1             deb       
mesa-va-drivers                                                    24.2.8-1ubuntu1~24.04.1            deb       
mount                                                              2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                  deb       
ncurses-base                                                       6.4+20240113-1ubuntu2              deb       
ncurses-bin                                                        6.4+20240113-1ubuntu2              deb       
netcat-openbsd                                                     1.226-1ubuntu2                     deb       
ocl-icd-libopencl1                                                 2.3.2-1build1                      deb       
openssl                                                            3.0.13-0ubuntu3.5                  deb       
passwd                                                             1:4.13+dfsg1-4ubuntu3.2            deb       
perl-base                                                          5.38.2-3.2ubuntu0.1                deb       
pinentry-curses                                                    1.2.1-3ubuntu5                     deb       
procps                                                             2:4.0.4-4ubuntu3.2                 deb       
prometheus-net                                                     8.2.1                              dotnet    
prometheus-net.AspNetCore                                          8.2.1                              dotnet    
prometheus-net.DotNetRuntime                                       4.4.1                              dotnet    
publicsuffix                                                       20231001.0357-0.1                  deb       
readline-common                                                    8.2-4build1                        deb       
runtimepack.Microsoft.AspNetCore.App.Runtime.linux-x64             9.0.7                              dotnet    
runtimepack.Microsoft.NETCore.App.Runtime.linux-x64                9.0.7                              dotnet    
sed                                                                4.9-2build1                        deb       
sensible-utils                                                     0.0.22                             deb       
sudo                                                               1.9.15p5-3ubuntu5.24.04.1          deb       
systemd-standalone-sysusers                                        255.4-1ubuntu8.10                  deb       
sysvinit-utils                                                     3.08-6ubuntu3                      deb       
tar                                                                1.35+dfsg-3build1                  deb       
tzdata                                                             2025b-0ubuntu0.24.04.1             deb       
ubuntu-keyring                                                     2023.11.28.1                       deb       
unminimize                                                         0.2.1                              deb       
util-linux                                                         2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                  deb       
xmlstarlet                                                         1.6.1-4                            deb       
z440.atl.core                                                      7.2.0                              dotnet    
zlib.net-mutliplatform                                             1.0.8                              dotnet    
zlib1g                                                             1:1.3.dfsg-3.1ubuntu2.1            deb       
